Add checklist of concrete things to do (#1274)
pkp/pkp-docs: getting-found-staying-found/en/getting-found-visibility.md

* Social media can amplify your story, but the substantive content usually resides elsewhere such as a news website, institutional blog, or your journal’s announcements page.
* Journal content can have a long life. Consider promoting articles published several years earlier, especially if an article can fill an information vacuum for something current.

## Checklist 

> Contributed by Stuart Yeates and Max Sullivan

Before you start any promotion:

> * Validate your OAI-PMH feed. There are a number of OAI-PMH validators which provide a third-party check of you metadata, for example: https://validator.oaipmh.com/ https://oval.base-search.net/ https://validator.dini.de/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Validate your OAI-PMH feed. There are a number of OAI-PMH validators which provide a third-party check of your metadata, for example: https://validator.oaipmh.com/ https://oval.base-search.net/ https://validator.dini.de/ 
```

> * Check your SSL certificate using one of a number of checkers, for example: https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html https://www.sslchecker.com/sslchecker

Reviewer 2: For any hyperlinks in documentation, please create descriptive links rather than adding raw links. You can read more [in our style guide](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/contributing/en/style-and-format#accessible-hyperlinks). In Markdown, the following formatting should be used:

`[SSL Labs](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html)`

There are multiple throughout the PR that should be converted to descriptive links.

* Check the ISSN details on https://portal.issn.org/ These details are very important if journal ownership becomes contested.

> * Check the DOI metadata by searching for articles on https://search.crossref.org/search/ Only applies it using DOIs and getting them via CrossRef Search for an article by title and then "Actions" -> "Metadata as JSON" and check all he details. Articles can take 48 hours to appear here after registering the DOI and providing the metadata. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check the DOI metadata by searching for articles on https://search.crossref.org/search/ Only applies if using DOIs and getting them via CrossRef Search for an article by title and then "Actions" -> "Metadata as JSON" and check all the details. Articles can take 48 hours to appear here after registering the DOI and providing the metadata. 
```

Reviewer: > Only applies if using DOIs and getting them via CrossRef Search for an article by title and then "Actions" -> "Metadata as JSON" and check all the details.

This is a little unclear. Is this supposed to be two sentences?

> * Save the journal homepage to https://web.archive.org/save or similar web harvester.  This will fail if you have a insitutional firewall or similar bocking external access. Important if journal ownership becomes contested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Save the journal homepage to https://web.archive.org/save or similar web harvester. This will fail if you have an institutional firewall or similar blocking external access. Important if journal ownership becomes contested.
```

* Browse the journal website with the browser console open, looking for errors or warnings that may be relavent. 

> Places to check / add your journal, if appropiate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Places to check/add your journal, if appropriate:
```

* Directory of Open Access Journals https://doaj.org/
* Retraction Watch Database https://retractiondatabase.org/
* Unpaywall https://unpaywall.org/ 

> * Google scholar https://scholar.google.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Google Scholar https://scholar.google.com/
```
